Document k8s cluster setup using minikube (for learning and development) (#3260)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: docs/source/kubernetes/minikube/step-zero-minikube.md

(minikube-k8s)

> # Kubernetes on minikube (for development only)
> 
> [minikube](minikube) is a implementation of Kubernetes as a local cluster primarily target to the development of applications.

Reviewer: I figure "development only" excludes the excellent use of minikube for trial purposes.

```suggestion
# Kubernetes on minikube

[minikube](minikube) can setup a Kubernetes cluster on a single computer. Using minikube can be suitable trial for new Kubernetes users and for development purposes, but its not meant to be used for production purposes.
```

```{important}
The Zero to JupyterHub guide assumes you're using a managed Kubernetes service with one of the main cloud platforms and **[minikube](minikube) is not officially supported**. You may be able to get help on the [Jupyter community forum](https://discourse.jupyter.org/c/jupyterhub/10).
```

## Kubernetes cluster requirements

All the requirements are implemented in minikube >= v1.31.2:

- [Dynamic Volume Provisioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/) for persistent storage
- [LoadBalancer](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#loadbalancer) or [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) for managing external access to JupyterHub

## minikube installation

Follow the installation steps in the [minikube's "Get Started!" page](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/).

## Kubernetes cluster creation

From a terminal, run

```bash
minikube start \

> --kubernetes-version v1.26.1 \

Reviewer: Not using a pre-defined version makes this docs more long lived, we could omit it entirely and rely on the default being "stable", but its kind of nice to explicitly pass this as well so that its known that this can be configured at this point in time also.

```suggestion
--kubernetes-version stable \
```
